Adds standalone run script (#50)
PureStake/moonbeam: scripts/README.md

cargo build --release
```

# Standalone nodes

> The standalone nodes are made to be executed without any specs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standalone nodes are made to be executed without explicitly supplied specs.  
```

## Generating the parachain specs

```bash
scripts/generate-parachain-specs.sh
```

The script executes (by default) `target/release/moonbase-alphanet` `build-spec`
It also relies on the `/specs/moonbase-alphanet-specs-template.json` for the specs template.
The files generated are (by default) stored in `build/moonbase-alphanet-specs-[plain,raw].json`

It also generates the `build/parachain.wasm` and `build/parachain.genesis`

### Alternate parachain specs
If you want to use an alternative spec template (like [../moonbase-alphanet-dev-specs-template.json](moonbase-alphanet-dev-specs-template.json which contains gerald funds)),
you can provide the template like this:

```bash
PARACHAIN_SPEC_TEMPLATE=specs/moonbase-alphanet-dev-specs-template.json scripts/generate-parachain-specs.sh
```

## Running Relay nodes

You can run up to 3 relay chain validators with this script. We use the `purestake/moonbase-relay-testnet` docker image for validators. Currently this image is manually published from commit (TODO), but this will change in the future.
Each node will get its key inserted 5 seconds after starting, using curl command.

> (*The grandpa consensus is not yet supported as it requires to restart the node.*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*The grandpa finality gadget is not yet supported as it requires to restart the node.*)
```
